some people just call me a cool cat not
a cat okubo takes to Red Creek Mountain
Dew the recently red ball is making
videos and advertisements using the the
nice slopes and the good snow out here
in the northern hemisphere but here
Mountain Dew we feel it's important to
ski better than my redbull new
No
I sure am thirsty whoa the desert don't
know how much longer I'm going to last
absolutely no water anywhere I'm parched
just a little bit of liquid would be
great you know a little bit of liquid
rosu ah nice got some sweet Mountain Dew
that's started side
[Music]
sir could you some good old good old
mountain dew oh wow oh good hard
limp bro good joy magra i'm here to talk
about mountain doing wife because in
rally you haven't truly lived life until
you've reproduced to the bottle of
Mountain Dew trust me all these melting
so being a mountain dews sponsored
professional skier what would you say
really inspires you the most the ladies
of the moment you bro oh boy brought my
helmet on the back of my head but I
might actually want call back rectly
going new out here Jax will Matt resort
livin up hey I got you fam do out here
Jack film at resort living the life a
lot of snow it's a good time you know
you know how it is we're just or wounded
up looks like this Friday's like this
huh got em